README.md, before:

##Gilded Rose Refactoring Kata

Hi and welcome to team Gilded Rose. As you know, we are a small inn with a 
prime location in a prominent city ran by a friendly innkeeper named 
Allison. We also buy and sell only the finest goods. Unfortunately, our 
goods are constantly degrading in quality as they approach their sell by 
date. We have a system in place that updates our inventory for us. It was 
developed by a no-nonsense type named Leeroy, who has moved on to new 
adventures. Your task is to add the new feature to our system so that we 
can begin selling a new category of items. First an introduction to our 
system:

- All items have a SellIn value which denotes the number of days we have 
to sell the item
- All items have a Quality value which denotes how valuable the item is
- At the end of each day our system lowers both values for every item

Pretty simple, right? Well this is where it gets interesting:

- Once the sell by date has passed, Quality degrades twice as fast
- The Quality of an item is never negative
- "Aged Brie" actually increases in Quality the older it gets
- The Quality of an item is never more than 50
- "Sulfuras", being a legendary item, never has to be sold or decreases 
in Quality
- "Backstage passes", like aged brie, increases in Quality as it's SellIn 
value approaches; Quality increases by 2 when there are 10 days or less 
and by 3 when there are 5 days or less but Quality drops to 0 after the 
concert

We have recently signed a supplier of conjured items. This requires an 
update to our system:

- "Conjured" items degrade in Quality twice as fast as normal items

Feel free to make any changes to the UpdateQuality method and add any 
new code as long as everything still works correctly. However, do not 
alter the Item class or Items property as those belong to the goblin 
in the corner who will insta-rage and one-shot you as he doesn't 
believe in shared code ownership (you can make the UpdateQuality 
method and Items property static if you like, we'll cover for you).

Just for clarification, an item can never have its Quality increase 
above 50, however "Sulfuras" is a legendary item and as such its 
Quality is 80 and it never alters.

##Getting Started

Clone the repository. Run build.bat from Powershell. If you see 
output similar to the following screenshot, you are ready to 
start refactoring.

![alt text](images/build_output.png "Good Build Output")

##Who, What, Why?
Who: [@TerryHughes](https://twitter.com/TerryHughes), [@NotMyself](https://twitter.com/NotMyself)

What & Why: [Refactor This: The Gilded Rose Kata](http://iamnotmyself.com/2011/02/13/refactor-this-the-gilded-rose-kata/)

## License

MIT

## Suggested attribution

This work is by [@TerryHughes](https://twitter.com/TerryHughes), [@NotMyself](https://twitter.com/NotMyself)

The repository can be found at [https://github.com/NotMyself/GildedRose](https://github.com/NotMyself/GildedRose)

Commit message:

Updated the ReadMe with some notes on my solution.

README.md, after:

## Richard's Notes

### Aged Brie - interesting behaviour
When writing the initial set of tests I noticed that the quality of Aged Brie actually increases twice as fast after the Sell By Date. This is not specified in the requirements, but I have written a test for this behaviour and have preserved it in the re factored code.

This would need to be reviewed with the product owner as it doesn't make sense (to me at least).

### Final Solution
In my final solution I separated the incrementing of the SellIn date from the calculation of the new quality value. The new code uses a set set of QualityCalculator's and a QualityCalculatorFactory which provides the correct calculator for the item being processed. The quality calculators share a utility class called QualityIncrementor for incrementing the quality values so that some logic can be shared.

### Assumptions
The specification infers (but doesn't explicitly state) that the code should be able to handle multiple variations of each product type, despite the fact that the original code had hard coded values for specific products, e.g. *"Backstage passes to a TAFKAL80ETC concert"*

In the real world I would validate this requirement with the product owner, but my code assumes that any product beginning with "Backstage passes" or "Conjured"  for example would be a Backstage pass or Conjured item. This change did not break any of the tests.

### Things I didn't do
1. I could have used an IOC container for this solution but choose not to when reflecting on Tom's advice not to over engineer the solution. I don't think that the complexity of the code quite warrants an IOC container as the end to end tests are fairly manageable at this point. If the code changed further this would have been a consideration.
2. I did not move the Item class into it's own file. I would normally do this but was unsure whether this would enrage the Goblin?

##Gilded Rose Refactoring Kata

Hi and welcome to team Gilded Rose. As you know, we are a small inn with a 
prime location in a prominent city ran by a friendly innkeeper named 
Allison. We also buy and sell only the finest goods. Unfortunately, our 
goods are constantly degrading in quality as they approach their sell by 
date. We have a system in place that updates our inventory for us. It was 
developed by a no-nonsense type named Leeroy, who has moved on to new 
adventures. Your task is to add the new feature to our system so that we 
can begin selling a new category of items. First an introduction to our 
system:

- All items have a SellIn value which denotes the number of days we have 
to sell the item
- All items have a Quality value which denotes how valuable the item is
- At the end of each day our system lowers both values for every item

Pretty simple, right? Well this is where it gets interesting:

- Once the sell by date has passed, Quality degrades twice as fast
- The Quality of an item is never negative
- "Aged Brie" actually increases in Quality the older it gets
- The Quality of an item is never more than 50
- "Sulfuras", being a legendary item, never has to be sold or decreases 
in Quality
- "Backstage passes", like aged brie, increases in Quality as it's SellIn 
value approaches; Quality increases by 2 when there are 10 days or less 
and by 3 when there are 5 days or less but Quality drops to 0 after the 
concert

We have recently signed a supplier of conjured items. This requires an 
update to our system:

- "Conjured" items degrade in Quality twice as fast as normal items

Feel free to make any changes to the UpdateQuality method and add any 
new code as long as everything still works correctly. However, do not 
alter the Item class or Items property as those belong to the goblin 
in the corner who will insta-rage and one-shot you as he doesn't 
believe in shared code ownership (you can make the UpdateQuality 
method and Items property static if you like, we'll cover for you).

Just for clarification, an item can never have its Quality increase 
above 50, however "Sulfuras" is a legendary item and as such its 
Quality is 80 and it never alters.

##Getting Started

Clone the repository. Run build.bat from Powershell. If you see 
output similar to the following screenshot, you are ready to 
start refactoring.

![alt text](images/build_output.png "Good Build Output")

##Who, What, Why?
Who: [@TerryHughes](https://twitter.com/TerryHughes), [@NotMyself](https://twitter.com/NotMyself)

What & Why: [Refactor This: The Gilded Rose Kata](http://iamnotmyself.com/2011/02/13/refactor-this-the-gilded-rose-kata/)

## License

MIT

## Suggested attribution

This work is by [@TerryHughes](https://twitter.com/TerryHughes), [@NotMyself](https://twitter.com/NotMyself)

The repository can be found at [https://github.com/NotMyself/GildedRose](https://github.com/NotMyself/GildedRose)
